Rotational Product Management | Meta Careers | Meta Careers
Jobs
Teams
Technology teams
Artificial Intelligence
Creative
Infrastructure
Metaverse and Wearables
Product and Program Management
Research and Data
Security
Software Engineering
Business teams
Business Operations
Partnerships
Sales and Marketing
Careers Programs
Research
Accelerate Eng Talent
Students and grads
Rotational Product Management
Working at Meta
Accessibility and Engagement
Benefits
Culture
Hiring process
Blog
Log in/Create profile
ROTATIONAL PRODUCT MANAGEMENT
Immersive, hands-on opportunities
Grow your career with Meta and gain valuable technical skills, work with emerging technologies and get personal mentorship.
Rotational Product Manager Program
The Rotational Product Manager (RPM) Program at Meta is an 18-month short-term employment (STE) rotational program for early career product managers. The program hires individuals with less than one year of direct PM experience and embeds them within product teams across the company to work in challenging, high-impact product spaces.
Status
We are not currently accepting applications for the RPM program. Applications for the next cohort are expected to open Fall 2026.
How the program works
This comprehensive 18-month program starts with a product bootcamp, followed by a rotation through three different innovative product teams across Meta, delivering real-world impact for our customers across the globe. RPMs are based in Menlo Park, Seattle and New York City.
Program Start Dates
March 2026 and September 2026
Who can apply
Whether you’re a recent graduate or looking for a career change by leveraging your technical or management skills, the RPM program can set you up for success.
How to apply
Applications to the RPM program open once a year, typically in late summer or early fall. Candidates must submit a resume and answer a short questionnaire.
Status:
We are not currently accepting applications for the RPM program. Applications for the next cohort are expected to open Fall 2026.
What you'll get from the program
If you’re interested in a career as a product manager, the RPM program lets you explore various product groups within Meta as you decide your career path.
In-depth training
The program kicks off with a four-week training bootcamp. During this time, you’ll learn about our emerging technologies and innovative systems and get assigned to your first product team.
World-class mentorship
As you rotate among three teams, you’ll receive invaluable guidance and support from product managers, designers, engineers, data scientists and other tech experts.
Real-world experience
The projects you contribute to as you work alongside product teams at Meta can begin your career in product management. At the end of the program, you’ll be evaluated and considered for a full-time role at Meta.
IN THEIR OWN WORDS
“The RPM community connects you with extremely inspirational people, creating friends and mentors for life.”
— Akanksha J., Instagram Search team alum
Ready to apply?
If you see a future in leadership as a product manager, take the next step in your career path.
Status
We are not currently accepting applications for the RPM program. Applications for the next cohort are expected to open Fall 2026.
Careers
Follow us
Job search
Career programs
Research
Accelerate Eng Talent
Students and grads
Rotational Product Management
Teams
Business teams
Technology teams
Working at Meta
Accessibility and Engagement
Benefits
Culture
Hiring process
My account
Career profile
Account settings
Messages
Meta Careers blog
About us
About Meta
Media gallery
Brand resources
For investors
Looking for contractor roles?
Equal Employment Opportunity
Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. You may view our Equal Employment Opportunity notice
here
.
Meta is committed to providing reasonable support (called accommodations) in our recruiting processes for candidates with disabilities, long term conditions, mental health conditions or sincerely held religious beliefs, or who are neurodivergent or require pregnancy-related support. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, fill out the
Accommodations request form
.
© 2025 Meta
Community Standards
Data Policy
Terms
Cookie Policy